I would describe myself as an analytical, strategic, and methodical professional who is currently working on his STEM academic development while looking to utilize my training and skills across different opportunities. Accordingly, I am always on the lookout for opportunities where I can support teams and their businesses while encouraging the company's overall growth.

In recent years, I have become fascinated by the potential of big data and how it revolutionizes the way we identify trends and utilize measurable insights. Therefore, I started transforming my career towards the disciplines of data science, data engineering, and data architecture. Accordingly, I am currently working on phase one of my academic development by pursuing my second undergraduate degree (BS), majoring in computer science, statistics, and data science. I am also planning the second phase of my academic development in the near future by preparing for my second graduate degree (MS) in computer science (Data Science & Data Engineering) and my third graduate degree (MBA) in engineering management. I also aim to continue developing my knowledge through various certification programs as I advance my professional career on the job.

In my past experience, I completed my B.F.A. and M.A., pursuing my passion for the arts and, more specifically, design. This opened the door for me to develop my career with local, regional, and international marketing, advertising, and design agencies serving some of the world’s biggest names in FMCG, CPG, Pharma, and more. As a result of my exposure to such industries and their incredible initiatives over the years, I am fortunate to have developed over 12 years of professional experience in brand, product, project, program, and account management-driven roles. Some of the initiatives I worked on, on the agency and client sides include architecture and design, marketing and public relations, energy and natural science, brand and business development, to name a few.


KEYWORDS:

Team Player | Leader | Strategist | Planner | Organized | Structured | Driven | Creative | Accountable | Decisive | Problem-solver | Goal-oriented | Fast-learner | Focused | Professional | Well-traveled | Multicultural | Multilingual
